Adds docs for COUNT expression (#1490)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/deprecations-additions-and-compatibility.asciidoc

a|
New function which returns whether the given number is `NaN`.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:added[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
COUNT { (n) WHERE n.foo = "bar" }
----
a|

> New expression which returns whether the number of elements of a pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New expression which returns the number of occurrences of a pattern.
```

That might be better?
